Miss Li is my dog's eye
I know wrong
Miss Li, please spare my life
I am willing to keep my promise
Hand over my store
If he keeps his promise
You can make a store of 30 million in vain
You don't think I'm really going to help you regardless of the past
Even if you do help me
I won't appreciate you a little either.
Our Fang family's tens of billions of family assets were destroyed in your hands
I will not forgive your Fang family
The end is your own fault
I just don't have as much background as you.
Besides, you have to thank me
If it weren't for me
How can you see Gu Shisheng's instinctive face clearly?
Then marry Mr. Chen?
You're right.
Then you can hand over the store.
OK, thank you Miss Ye
You see
This wedding dress
I will find it and deliver it to your home.
Hey, hello.
If the Fang family makes a comeback one day
I will still be your enemy
Be my enemy
Wash up and sleep
My background is an abyss you can't imagine
That Girl
Who is it?